README.md, before:

Faculty Scheduler
=================

Description
-----------

This application is designed to help Georgia Gwinnett College faculty
members to efficiently register for courses. Besides a tool for the
benefit of professors, Scheduler is an information collector system that
requires an administrator(s). These individuals will be responsible for
operations of aggregation, modification and removal of courses and/or
sections, additionally, in case of tribulations, they will be the ones
who decide which is the best way to accommodate schedules

Repo Location
-------------

[Scheduler](https://github.com/GGC-SD/Scheduler-ThunderCats)

Progress Tracking Tools
-----------------------

Trello

Other Communitcation Tools
--------------------------

Discord

Team Roles
----------

1.  **Victor akinla** - Lead Programmer & Data Modeler\
2.  **Terrance Perry** - Documentation Lead & Client Liaison
3.  **Sebastian Perez** - Testing Lead & Project Manager

Technologies
------------

..*Angular ..*javaScript ..\*JSON

Commit message:

* Basic angular structure set up * login-component has been included and version0.1 encapsulatided in a file

README.md, after:

# ThunderCats - Faculty Scheduler Backend
Faculty Scheduler backend

# Description
The application allows instructors to provide a set of scheduling preferences to
a semi-automated system, which populates a semester schedule based on instructor
request and moderator approval. The scheduler is presented to the instructor.
We are working on the backend part of the application. Which includes the
automation of the scheduler, receiving input/output forms and resolving scheduling
conflicts

# Repo Location
[ThunderCats](https://github.com/GGC-SD/ThunderCats/)

# Progress Tracking Tools
Trello
[Trello](https://trello.com/b/MuJa8Xa5/thundercats)

# Other Communication Tools
Discord

# Team Roles
1. **Joel Garcia** - team manager & ux/ui design :guitar: :wrench: :goat:
2. **Anthony Morariu** - data modeler & client liason :kissing_smiling_eyes: :heart: :computer:
3. **Mark Levengood** - lead programmer & documentation lead :clap: :statue_of_liberty: :movie_camera:
4. **Daniel Toal** - Testing lead :unamused: :hocho: :bug:

# Installation Instructions: 
Must have node js, and google chrome (or browser that can display html)
Download files
